
Postdoc announcement 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The Department of Mathematics and Statistics has up to two openings at the level of postdoctoral associate for Fall 2018. It is an annual appointment, renewable for up to 3 years, based on an annual evaluation. Candidates must have or identify an internal research mentor in the department, who must commit to performing research with the candidate. Priority will be given to faculty mentors with an excellent publication record and external funding, and those who can support part of the postdoc salaries through their own awards. Candidates must hold a Ph.D. by Fall 2018, and must have received their Ph.D. no earlier than 2016. They must submit their CV, 3 letters of reference and support (including one from the internal mentor in the department), a research statement and a teaching statement to Magdalena Toda (magda.toda@ttu.edu) by December 10, 2017. The executive committee, prospective mentors and hiring committee of the department will review applicants as soon as submissions are received, and make their recommendations to the chair. Postdoc offers will be made no sooner than Feb 1, 2018, according to the postdoctoral agreement signed with the AMS. 

The research areas represented in the department are listed at:
http://www.math.ttu.edu/FacultyStaff/research.shtml

List of research interests required to work with Dr. Alex Trindade: 
statistics, nonparametric & semiparametric modeling, inverse problems, and excellent programming skills.

As an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer, Texas Tech University is dedicated to the goal of building a culturally diverse faculty committed to teaching and working in a multicultural environment. We actively encourage applications from all those who can contribute, through their research, teaching, and service, to the diversity and excellence of the academic community at Texas Tech University. The university welcomes applications from minorities, women, veterans, persons with disabilities, and dual-career couples.

